[Feature] Enable `kwargs` for single component models (via `extra`) (#1032)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/changelog.d/20250303_110318_maximilian_schulz_enable_kwargs.md

<!--
A new scriv changelog fragment.

Uncomment the section that is right (remove the HTML comment wrapper).
-->

<!--
### Highlights ✨

- A bullet item for the Highlights ✨ category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX. ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->
<!--
### Removed

- A bullet item for the Removed category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX. ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->

### Added

> - Add `extra` argument to selected models allowing the passing of arguments directly to the underlying Dash component. ([#1032](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1032))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `extra` argument to selected models to enable passing arguments directly to the underlying Dash component. ([#1032](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1032))
```
